{"url": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/comments/235355264", "html_url": "https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/462#issuecomment-235355264", "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/462", "id": 235355264, "user": {"login": "katrin-k", "id": 2246045, "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2246045?v=4", "gravatar_id": "", "url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k", "html_url": "https://github.com/katrin-k", "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/followers", "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/following{/other_user}", "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/gists{/gist_id}", "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/starred{/owner}{/repo}", "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/subscriptions", "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/orgs", "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/repos", "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/events{/privacy}", "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/katrin-k/received_events", "type": "User", "site_admin": false}, "created_at": "2016-07-26T18:10:10Z", "updated_at": "2016-07-26T18:10:22Z", "author_association": "OWNER", "body_html": "<p>I just realize, the reference to <a href=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/60\" class=\"issue-link js-issue-link\" data-error-text=\"Failed to load issue title\" data-id=\"28094245\" data-permission-text=\"Issue title is private\" data-url=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/60\">#60</a> is a bit wrong. (Especially the name is misleading. Since I did that back then: Sorry!).<br>\nSo: Issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/60\" class=\"issue-link js-issue-link\" data-error-text=\"Failed to load issue title\" data-id=\"28094245\" data-permission-text=\"Issue title is private\" data-url=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/60\">#60</a> started what is now the supervisor dashboard =&gt; implemented via <a href=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/109\" class=\"issue-link js-issue-link\" data-error-text=\"Failed to load issue title\" data-id=\"36495249\" data-permission-text=\"Issue title is private\" data-url=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/109\">#109</a>.<br>\nAnd yes, <a href=\"https://github.com/agnik5\" class=\"user-mention\">@agnik5</a> you're totally right. The latter concerns other roles.</p>\n<p>Issue <a href=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/136\" class=\"issue-link js-issue-link\" data-error-text=\"Failed to load issue title\" data-id=\"58780811\" data-permission-text=\"Issue title is private\" data-url=\"https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/136\">#136</a>: <a href=\"https://github.com/ramonh\" class=\"user-mention\">@ramonh</a> This is about removing the data from 2015 and moving it into its own place, isn't it? If yes, this is not related.<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/agnik5\" class=\"user-mention\">@agnik5</a> We do that every year, so stuff is archived and the organizers can look up previous information.</p>\n<h4>So the important bit for the student dashboard is:</h4>\n<p>\"there should/could be a separate spot, ie. in the teams app, where we provide additional information for the students such as instructions on creating a blog post and pull request, instructions for the conference raffle, etc.\"<br>\n==&gt; We have several wiki entries, old blog posts, guides on the public website, gists\u2026 with How-To's for the various activities/requirements that you students will to do.</p>\n<p>I agree. We indeed need to define the page a bit better.<br>\nMy proposal for the basics is:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Organizers can create/edit/delete entries</li>\n<li>An entry consists of a title, a description text (editable with Markdown), (multiple) file attachments, an extra URL field, a category, a state (draft/ready) and visibility (visible for students/not visible). <em>Is sth. missing?</em></li>\n<li>Students will see only entries that are visible and ready.</li>\n<li>Organizers see all entries of all statusses.</li>\n<li>In the menu: ??? I'd suggest to put it under the same \"Dashboard\"-item as the supervisor board. However, there needs to be a solution for users being both organizer+supervisor.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>That's not complete yet. <a href=\"https://github.com/agnik5\" class=\"user-mention\">@agnik5</a> Since you are a student, you probably also have some ideas. E.g. there could also be an announcement area\u2026</p>", "body_text": "I just realize, the reference to #60 is a bit wrong. (Especially the name is misleading. Since I did that back then: Sorry!).\nSo: Issue #60 started what is now the supervisor dashboard => implemented via #109.\nAnd yes, @agnik5 you're totally right. The latter concerns other roles.\nIssue #136: @ramonh This is about removing the data from 2015 and moving it into its own place, isn't it? If yes, this is not related.\n@agnik5 We do that every year, so stuff is archived and the organizers can look up previous information.\nSo the important bit for the student dashboard is:\n\"there should/could be a separate spot, ie. in the teams app, where we provide additional information for the students such as instructions on creating a blog post and pull request, instructions for the conference raffle, etc.\"\n==> We have several wiki entries, old blog posts, guides on the public website, gists\u2026 with How-To's for the various activities/requirements that you students will to do.\nI agree. We indeed need to define the page a bit better.\nMy proposal for the basics is:\n\nOrganizers can create/edit/delete entries\nAn entry consists of a title, a description text (editable with Markdown), (multiple) file attachments, an extra URL field, a category, a state (draft/ready) and visibility (visible for students/not visible). Is sth. missing?\nStudents will see only entries that are visible and ready.\nOrganizers see all entries of all statusses.\nIn the menu: ??? I'd suggest to put it under the same \"Dashboard\"-item as the supervisor board. However, there needs to be a solution for users being both organizer+supervisor.\n\nThat's not complete yet. @agnik5 Since you are a student, you probably also have some ideas. E.g. there could also be an announcement area\u2026", "body": "I just realize, the reference to #60 is a bit wrong. (Especially the name is misleading. Since I did that back then: Sorry!). \nSo: Issue #60 started what is now the supervisor dashboard => implemented via #109.\nAnd yes, @agnik5 you're totally right. The latter concerns other roles. \n\nIssue #136: @ramonh This is about removing the data from 2015 and moving it into its own place, isn't it? If yes, this is not related. \n@agnik5 We do that every year, so stuff is archived and the organizers can look up previous information. \n\n#### So the important bit for the student dashboard is:\n\n\"there should/could be a separate spot, ie. in the teams app, where we provide additional information for the students such as instructions on creating a blog post and pull request, instructions for the conference raffle, etc.\"\n==> We have several wiki entries, old blog posts, guides on the public website, gists\u2026 with How-To's for the various activities/requirements that you students will to do. \n\nI agree. We indeed need to define the page a bit better. \nMy proposal for the basics is: \n- Organizers can create/edit/delete entries\n- An entry consists of a title, a description text (editable with Markdown), (multiple) file attachments, an extra URL field, a category, a state (draft/ready) and visibility (visible for students/not visible). _Is sth. missing?_\n- Students will see only entries that are visible and ready. \n- Organizers see all entries of all statusses. \n- In the menu: ??? I'd suggest to put it under the same \"Dashboard\"-item as the supervisor board. However, there needs to be a solution for users being both organizer+supervisor. \n\nThat's not complete yet. @agnik5 Since you are a student, you probably also have some ideas. E.g. there could also be an announcement area\u2026 \n"}