{"url": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/comments/273459949", "html_url": "https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/362#issuecomment-273459949", "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/issues/362", "id": 273459949, "user": {"login": "alicetragedy", "id": 3143348, "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3143348?v=4", "gravatar_id": "", "url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy", "html_url": "https://github.com/alicetragedy", "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/followers", "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/following{/other_user}", "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/gists{/gist_id}", "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/starred{/owner}{/repo}", "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/subscriptions", "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/orgs", "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/repos", "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/events{/privacy}", "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/alicetragedy/received_events", "type": "User", "site_admin": false}, "created_at": "2017-01-18T12:12:26Z", "updated_at": "2017-01-18T12:12:26Z", "author_association": "OWNER", "body_html": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/carpodaster\" class=\"user-mention\">@carpodaster</a> We have not discussed this at all this year, and while it's definitely a great idea, I don't think it makes sense to think of this as a feasible feature for the Application forms in 2017. Maybe a small feature for a RGSoC team to work on this summer? I think there would be enough context to get started.. in that case, we could remove it from the \u201cApplication 2017\u201d milestone.</p>", "body_text": "@carpodaster We have not discussed this at all this year, and while it's definitely a great idea, I don't think it makes sense to think of this as a feasible feature for the Application forms in 2017. Maybe a small feature for a RGSoC team to work on this summer? I think there would be enough context to get started.. in that case, we could remove it from the \u201cApplication 2017\u201d milestone.", "body": "@carpodaster We have not discussed this at all this year, and while it's definitely a great idea, I don't think it makes sense to think of this as a feasible feature for the Application forms in 2017. Maybe a small feature for a RGSoC team to work on this summer? I think there would be enough context to get started.. in that case, we could remove it from the \u201cApplication 2017\u201d milestone."}