{"url": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/pulls/comments/135387641", "pull_request_review_id": 58799786, "id": 135387641, "diff_hunk": "@@ -15,26 +15,33 @@ def show\n   end\n \n   def create\n-    team = current_user.student_team\n     @conference = Conference.new(conference_params)\n     @conference.season_id = current_season.id\n-    @conference.gid = generate_gid(team)\n+    @conference.gid = generate_gid(current_user)\n \n     if @conference.save\n-      redirect_to edit_team_path(team), notice: 'Conference was successfully created.'\n+      redirect\n     else\n       render action: :new\n     end\n   end\n \n   def redirect", "path": "app/controllers/conferences_controller.rb", "position": null, "original_position": 18, "commit_id": "90a7a54f14450ef8fe35110759719746e2503088", "original_commit_id": "36e2e0d025a6b18b25afb3f2c32e597f8a7acfa9", "user": {"login": "F3PiX", "id": 6314687, "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6314687?v=4", "gravatar_id": "", "url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX", "html_url": "https://github.com/F3PiX", "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/followers", "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/following{/other_user}", "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/gists{/gist_id}", "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/starred{/owner}{/repo}", "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/subscriptions", "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/orgs", "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/repos", "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/events{/privacy}", "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/F3PiX/received_events", "type": "User", "site_admin": false}, "body": "I wonder if it makes sense to add a separate form in the orga namespace? So we don't have all the cancancan checks in the views. AFAIK one of the goals of the namespaces is getting independent of the cancancan checks. WDYallT?\r\n\r\nEDIT: Oh, should have looked at the repo \ud83e\udd23 . We already have that form.\r\n\r\n\r\n  ", "created_at": "2017-08-26T11:53:25Z", "updated_at": "2017-08-31T19:06:07Z", "html_url": "https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/pull/829#discussion_r135387641", "pull_request_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/pulls/829", "author_association": "MEMBER", "_links": {"self": {"href": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/pulls/comments/135387641"}, "html": {"href": "https://github.com/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/pull/829#discussion_r135387641"}, "pull_request": {"href": "https://api.github.com/repos/rails-girls-summer-of-code/rgsoc-teams/pulls/829"}}, "body_html": "<p>I wonder if it makes sense to add a separate form in the orga namespace? So we don't have all the cancancan checks in the views. AFAIK one of the goals of the namespaces is getting independent of the cancancan checks. WDYallT?</p>\n<p>EDIT: Oh, should have looked at the repo <g-emoji class=\"g-emoji\" alias=\"rofl\" fallback-src=\"https://assets-cdn.github.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f923.png\">\ud83e\udd23</g-emoji> . We already have that form.</p>", "body_text": "I wonder if it makes sense to add a separate form in the orga namespace? So we don't have all the cancancan checks in the views. AFAIK one of the goals of the namespaces is getting independent of the cancancan checks. WDYallT?\nEDIT: Oh, should have looked at the repo \ud83e\udd23 . We already have that form.", "in_reply_to_id": 135386779}